the cost of living is on the rise and
with credit crunches and economic
collapse she's forecast the situation
was certain to get worse but the
freegans an anti consumers culture group
hasn't felt the pinch imposed by
politicians societies waste is their
treasure as living out of Bin's is part
of their philosophy I'd personally say
freeganism is well what it is he's
living for free living out with bins
behind supermarkets what these
supermarkets for all perfectly healthy
food away the amount of waste is
absolutely ridiculous I could probably
feed the old street if I wanted to but I
mean he's almost so much she can bring
back she meant for you
well freeganism was interested in going
but I'd never I did it didn't go for a
few weeks or maybe a few months then
these two girls mentioned that there was
going are so dry I'll come along we're
and ever since then I've been going
through all four times a week to face do
you get and you know well we get
whatever food we want really the list is
endless I mean without every me under
the Sun chicken turkey beef lamb doc
phezzan it gets absolutely ridiculous
they're not all healthy foods but on top
of that we get a lot of vegetables like
potatoes every time we go carrots
tomatoes eggs bread milk a lot of salad
it might have gone plastics used by a
day that's the only problem which a lot
of people might get anxious about that
oh it's past its use-by a day but I've
seen quite a few scientific studies that
say that the foods are right for a good
15 days after the news by a day we
currently find ourselves in a position
where huge emphasis is placed upon being
greener we have brown beans blue beans
red beans and in between recycling
anything from light bulbs away shells
are encouraged to keep one eye on our
carbon footprint freeganism is an
extreme step in the right direction but
he seems not many people are willing to
take that leap of faith
I'm not quite that trusted to me I'd
rather get it fresh our packet from from
the checkout you know I mean why can't
why can't people then why can't they go
and buy their own food
it's just seems a little bit disgusting
to me first our very self cos enormous
adoption as a sorry about all these
diseases that knock about in places like
up and the food you can't be out of the
bins I mean it's just it's just a large
e to be honest there the idea of really
free bins doesn't set and too
comfortable Whitman it's just the idea
breaking through dirty Ben's for food
and I don't really not too keen them a
lot of people cut back on luxuries to
afford the basic necessities to survive
waste got to know you change your
standards of cleanliness well there are
other options